Update Cloud upgrade section based on hotjar feedback (#8522)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-upgrade.md

Review the [{{site.data.var.ece}} service versions][version compatibility matrix] information for the latest software version requirements. Your upgrade tasks may include the following:

-  Update PHP, Elasticsearch, and other services for compatibility with new Magento version. See [Change service version].
-  Convert an older configuration management file.
-  Update the `.magento.app.yaml` file with new settings for hooks and environment variables.
-  Upgrade third-party extensions to the latest supported version.
-  Update the `.gitignore` file.

{:.bs-callout-info}
If you upgrade the PHP version, you must also submit a Support ticket to update the New Relic service.

### Configuration management

> This upgrade is required only when you upgrade from {{site.data.var.ee}} 2.1.4 or later to 2.2.x or later and use [Configuration Management]. In this case, you need to migrate the `config.local.php` file. Older versions used a `config.local.php` file for Configuration Management, but version 2.2.0 and later use the `config.php` file. This file works exactly like the `config.local.php` file, but it has different configuration settings that include a list of your enabled modules and additional configuration options.

Reviewer: This is a little confusing because it says "This upgrade". Maybe you could be more specific. I think it is about upgrading from and older Magento, but is it an unsupported version? Or how is older defined? Or is it a different kind of upgrade?

> This upgrade is required only when you upgrade from {{site.data.var.ee}} 2.1.4 or later to 2.2.x or later and use [Configuration Management]. In this case, you need to migrate the `config.local.php` file. Older versions used a `config.local.php` file for Configuration Management, but version 2.2.0 and later use the `config.php` file. This file works exactly like the `config.local.php` file, but it has different configuration settings that include a list of your enabled modules and additional configuration options.

Reviewer: Maybe this helps?

```suggestion
Older versions of {{site.data.var.ee}}, such as 2.1.4 or later to 2.2.x or later, used a `config.local.php` file for Configuration Management. {{site.data.var.ee}} version 2.2.0 and later use the `config.php` file, which works exactly like the `config.local.php` file, but it has different configuration settings that include a list of your enabled modules and additional configuration options.

When upgrading from an older version, you must migrate the the `config.local.php` file to use the newer `config.php` file. Use the following steps to backup your configuration file and create a new one.
```

Review the [{{site.data.var.ece}} service versions][version compatibility matrix] information for the latest software version requirements. Your upgrade tasks may include the following:

-  Update PHP, Elasticsearch, and other services for compatibility with new Magento version. See [Change service version].
-  Convert an older configuration management file.
-  Update the `.magento.app.yaml` file with new settings for hooks and environment variables.
-  Upgrade third-party extensions to the latest supported version.
-  Update the `.gitignore` file.

{:.bs-callout-info}
If you upgrade the PHP version, you must also submit a Support ticket to update the New Relic service.

### Configuration management

Older versions of {{site.data.var.ee}}, such as 2.1.4 or later to 2.2.x or later, used a `config.local.php` file for Configuration Management. {{site.data.var.ee}} version 2.2.0 and later use the `config.php` file, which works exactly like the `config.local.php` file, but it has different configuration settings that include a list of your enabled modules and additional configuration options.

> When upgrading from an older version, you must migrate the the `config.local.php` file to use the newer `config.php` file. Use the following steps to backup your configuration file and create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading from an older version, you must migrate the `config.local.php` file to use the newer `config.php` file. Use the following steps to backup your configuration file and create a new one.
```
